Brother Forrest James from the state of Oregon and the United States was raised believing in traditional Native American beliefs.
He later became one of Jehovah's Witnesses, but left the truth immediately thereafter.
What helped him regain his relationship with Jehovah after being an actor for 16 years?
Our team visited him to find out.
I was raised on the telewinding reservation, and I was baptized when I was 12 years old.
Although I was baptized at a young age, those that were around me, doing the exact opposite of what I was taught,
what I heard, what I saw, you know, was not, didn't match up.
There are actions that destroyed my world, destroyed everything, destroyed my family.
And in time, I grew very prejudiced against all the organized religions. Jehovah's Witnesses included.
I was adopted by the film and entertainment industry as a teenager.
I would say to myself with each movie or billboard, that if I could just get this next one, I would be satisfied.
And that's when I became an alcoholic.
Later on, I had a prayer ceremony with a medicine man. He said Jehovah.
I approached him about it afterwards, but indignantly, and said, yeah, we don't believe in the Bible.
It's got nothing to offer.
And he said, well, how do you know? Have you read it?
My brother invited me to a Bible study. And before I went in, I'd said a prayer and risen tears, asking that I not judge these people.
Because at this point, I believed the United Nations would solve mankind's problems.
Incidentally, the meeting that night was based on 2 Corinthians 1114, which points out that Satan disguises and himself as an angel of light.
In that one hour, deeply interesting things were over time.
So for the first time in 15 years, I decided to attend a convention.
And it was actually my former tribal chief who became a witness that gave me a ride.
One of my biggest concerns was that I would have to completely give up my culture to serve Jehovah.
There, he helped me to see that I didn't have to.
After studying with six different elders, I realized that it's not one person that changes everybody, but everybody that changes one person.
Now, there are so many blessings.
I'm no longer prejudiced. I have a loving wife.
I get to teach my kids about Jehovah.
I enjoy a building of associations.
And I love the full-time ministry.
Especially the opportunity to share with other natives.
When I was so freely given, I wouldn't trade the life that Jehovah has given me for anything.